refactored debug log for ai-collab (#23565)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/framework/ai-collab/README.md

## Debug Events
This package allows users to consume `DebugEvents` that can very helpful in understanding what's going on internally and debugging potential issues.
Users can consume these events by providing a callback to the ai-collab function's `debugEventLogHandler` parameter:
```ts
aiCollab({
	openAI: {
		client: new OpenAI({
			apiKey: OPENAI_API_KEY,
		}),
		modelName: "gpt-4o",
	},
	treeNode: view.root.taskGroups[0],
	prompt: {
		systemRoleContext:
			"You are a manager that is helping out with a project management tool. You have been asked to edit a group of tasks.",
		userAsk: userAsk,
	},
	limiters: {
		maxModelCalls: 25
	}
	planningStep: true,
	finalReviewStep: true,
	debugEventLogHandler: (event: DebugEvent) => {console.log(event);} // This should be your debug event log handler
});

```

There are two types of debug events, `DebugEvent` which is the core interface and is used to describe ALL debug events and `EventFlowDebugEvent` which is for more specific debug events that mark a progress point in a specific logic flow within a single ai-collab function call.

> ### There are a few primary event flow names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Event flows
```

1. `CORE_EVENT_LOOP`: All events with this `eventFlowName` are used to mark the start and end of the life cycle of a single execution of the ai-collab function.
	- Events:

> 		1. `CoreEventLoopStarted`: Events with the `eventName` `CORE_EVENT_LOOP_STARTED`. This event marks the start of the ai-collab function execution life cycle. There will be exactly 1 of these events per ai-collab function execution.

Reviewer: I'm thinking all this documentation should actually go in the TSDoc for the corresponding event. Something like "This event will be emitted exactly once per ai-collab function execution" makes a lot of sense there, more than in the README. It would also make some of the docs redundant (e.g. docs for "this event has `eventName X`" are probably not necessary when one is looking at the interface definition already). Keeping the list of events in each flow here is ok, and maybe we can link to the source file where all the events live for those who want more details. I'd particularly advocate for this to remove the easy-to-miss `**IMPORTANT**: If you change this file make sure the root README.md file is updated to reflect the changes.` in the source file.

> 		1. `CoreEventLoopStartedDebugEvent`: Events with the `eventName` `CORE_EVENT_LOOP_STARTED`. This event marks the start of the ai-collab function execution life cycle. There will be exactly 1 of these events per ai-collab function execution.

Reviewer: Here and below, update to remove `DebugEvent` from the names.

4. `FINAL_REVIEW`: All events with this `eventFlowName` are used to mark the start, end and outcome of the requesting the LLM to review its work and determine whether the users ask was accomplished or more edits are needed.
	- Events:
		- `FinalReviewStartedDebugEvent`: Events with the `eventName` `FINAL_REVIEW_STARTED`: This event marks the start of the logic flow for requesting the LLM complete a final review of the edits it has created and whether it believes the users ask was accomplished or more edits are needed. If the LLM thinks more edits are needed, the `GENERATE_TREE_EDIT` will start again.
			- Child `DebugEvent`'s triggered:
				1. `LlmApiCallDebugEvent`: In order to conduct the final review, a call to the LLM is necessary. This `DebugEvent` captures the request and its raw result from said API call.
		- `FinalReviewCompletedDebugEvent`: Events with the `eventName` `FINAL_REVIEW_COMPLETED`. This event marks the end and outcome of the logic flow for requesting the LLM complete a final review of the edits it has created.

### using Trace Id's
Debug Events in ai-collab have two different types of trace id's:

> - `traceId`: This field exists on all debug events and can be used to coorelate all debug events that happened in a single execution. Sorting the events by timestamp will show the proper chronological order of the events. Note that the events should already be emitted in chronological order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `traceId`: This field exists on all debug events and can be used to correlate all debug events that happened in a single execution of `aiCollab()`. Sorting the events by timestamp will show the proper chronological order of the events. Note that the events should already be emitted in chronological order.
```

> - `eventFlowTraceId`: this field exists on all `EventFlowDebugEvents` and can be used to coorelate all events from a particular event flow together. Additionally all `LlmApiCallDebugEvent` events will contain the `eventFlowTraceId` field as well as a `triggeringEventFlowName` so you can link LLM API calls to a particular event flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `eventFlowTraceId`: this field exists on all `EventFlowDebugEvents` and can be used to correlate all events from a particular event flow. Additionally all `LlmApiCallDebugEvent` events will contain the `eventFlowTraceId` field as well as a `triggeringEventFlowName` so you can link LLM API calls to a particular event flow.
```
